Updated components for mentioning layer deletion in Adobe XD (#537)
IgniteUI/indigo-design-docfx: en/components/navbar.md

## Content Layout

> The Navbar content is split into a left area, consisting of a Left Action and a Title, and a right area with four adjacent icons for various actions. You can configure the Navbar layout by setting the Left Action or the Icons to the right to ~No Symbol in Sketch and through a smart layout it will adjust accordingly. In Adobe XD you have to delete the unused layers instead, and the layout will adjust through the use of stacks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Navbar content is split into a left area, consisting of a Left Action and a Title, and a right area with four adjacent icons for various actions. You can configure the Navbar layout by setting the Left Action or the Icons to the right to ~No Symbol in Sketch and thanks to the smart layout what is left will adjust automatically. In Adobe XD, the same can be achieved simply by deleting the unnecessary Components, and the layout will be adjusted automatically from the Stack. Furthermore, you may also insert additional Components from the Libraries panel in those areas unlike in Sketch, e.g. to show an Avatar at the far right.
```
